Erik
5
Assassin of Iskr. With his daggers Ishlock and Galavan, Erik would
always be doing jobs as long as you gave him the right payment. But
now with the Taints taking his victims, petty Erik heads out to
take them down, because only he is allowed to kill the people he
wants to kill.
Aliza
5
Lightning mage from Lumos village. Usually she is a nice, calm person.
However, one day she went to her favourite spellbook store in town,
finding it burnt down by a gaping fire mage. Fuming, she released a
flurry of thunder. Instead of fearing her, the mage, Jan, invited her
to join the battlefront.
Julie
5
Ranger of S'gleera. Wanted to be a gunslinger like her father but never
liked the recoil of the gun. Instead she focused her talent for accuracy
into the bow and arrow. She won an archery competition in town. Needing
another thrill for her skill besides hunting, she decided to join the
fight against the taints.
Supreet sup
4
From the village of Carmon. Was originally trained to be a healer, but it
wasn't ~her area of expertise~™. Tired of healing all of the injured, she
became a swordswoman and decided to end the battle herself. Sassy, yet
caring, Supreet puts her all into battle.
Natalie nat
3
From the village of Carmon. Childhood friends with Supreet. Has a natural
gift of healing. Seeing supreet join the battle, she tagged along as well.
Shy and supportive personality.
Jan
3
Fire mage of Pumka. When he accidentally burnt down a forest near his house,
he decided to save his powers for the battlefield. Friendly personality, even
if he is oblivious at times.
Emily
4
The youngest knight from the village of Hi-kup. Her title was disgraced when
she was framed. She continued to live as a hermit in the mountains. One day,
Emily came back to her village to find it rampaged by Taints. In grief,  she
took her spear and armour and became a knight once more.
Linh
4
From the village of Bubsy. SHe is known to be a knight to be reckoned with,
despite her small stature. Priyonto often accompanies her, interested in how
she sees the world. Intrigued by the battlefront, Linh decided to join the
battle for herself.
Priyonto printer
3
From the village of Bubsy. He is known to be the swordsman with the most laid
back attitude. When he is not following Linh, he can be found sparring Erik.
It was only because of Linh that he decided to support the war effort.
Minya
4
From the village of Carmon. Despite being considered a prodigious healer in the
village, Minya feels she isn't good enough. Wanting to gelp those who are
fightning against the Taints, Minya decided to head out into the battle. Cheerful
and kind.
Vivianne viv
3
Ranger of S'gleera. Lost the archery match of her life to Julie. Sassy and uncaring,
she heads out into the battlefield, hoping that she'll gain a better reputation
than her ultimate rival.
Oguzhan ogu
4
From the village of Chipol'Eh. Oguzhan's pale complexion along with his routine
nocturnal assassination tactics have made people think he is a vampire. His best
friend, Zak doesn't think so. In fact, the two entered the war, promising to avenge
the other if they had died.
Zak
4
From the village of Chipol'Eh. Growing up as a farmer's son, Zak dreamed of becoming
a swordsman. Running away from home to find a mentor, he bumped into the same master
that taught Oguzhan. Now best friends, he and Oguzhan made a pact to avenge the other's
death on the battlefield.